Designing my own snes controller. This is a personal project which is part of the [robot minor](https://www.robotminor.nl/) of the hague university of applied sciences.
The concept of the personal project is AFAIK aimed to make you do things what is not really excel at. Or things that you don't know yet. And i haven't designed hardware case or a PCB that houses chips. 
For the PCB i have used communicated to chips to get data but all was going through a breadboard. It _should_ be only a soldering lesson. And maybe some logic. I think i can completed that within a week... Right? Right?

----

Update, from what you may allready have read i desinged and printed a case of snes controller port. And all the holes of th controller are placed. But i did it using openscad because i kinda rage quit trying to install and use Autodesk Fusion. My primary operating system is linux and for years i use vm without gpu passtrough to run windows applications. But cad software needs a lot of vram that i do not have. So i looked at alternitives that run on linux and i found freecad and openscad. [Freecad](www.freecad.org) is like the same as autodesk. The draw, constraint and extrude workflow which almost all cad software uses. And if the ui is designed well i think it is a pritty good workflow. But atlast all the ui's i tried are verry picky and if you make the slightist of errors clicking when you are contraining a drawing you must go back to the other shape that you want to link. Also where do i need to look if i did it correctly? So i went back to the language based way of disgning shapes using [openscad](https://openscad.org/). And well it the way of handeling reminds me of how jetpack compose works but then it uses it own language. Verry conforting. But a remark of a techure is that there is a future is using openscad by that it can function as an interface used by llms. But it is not professional and i should be using the corparate tools i.e. autocad fusion and sold works. (I also spent arount an hour setting up solid works in linux with nothing to show.)

I also spend some time testing the electical enginering part of Autodesk fusion that i have installed on a old windows 10 system. And it looks like what i was expecting. And it was nice to have SPICE intergration 
